[Music]
the world is a mysterious place
there are marvels of nature just waiting
to be discovered by those who are daring
enough to look mark was like the
creature I had only heard it existed in
legend a mythical monster straight out
of your worst nightmares with wild eyes
and a hideous face and feet that were
amazingly freakishly
it's a terrifying creature with perfect
white teeth then breath that just smells
all minty fresh and only hair if it has
on its entire body is on the top oh
you're scaring up hey don't be scared
it's look it's just a story
everyone knows that the small foot isn't
real
or is it oh that's nice real nice waitis
Carm for life
[Music]
you